ref(*): rm label selectors from example root service (#2658)
openservicemesh/osm: docs/content/docs/install/manual_demo/_index.md

We will now demonstrate how to balance traffic between two Kubernetes services, commonly known as a traffic split. We will be splitting the traffic directed to the root `bookstore` service between the backends `bookstore-v1` service and `bookstore-v2` service.

> _Note:_ The root Kubernetes service should not have any label selectors defined for it. This may lead to unintended behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note:_ The root Kubernetes service should not have any label selectors defined that match a/any pod on the mesh. This may lead to unintended behavior.
```

Reviewer: I am not sure is we should say do not sure label selectors completely or we should say don't match them to a pod

> 

Reviewer 2: @michelleN wouldn't this be the case if we split traffic to the root service to itself and another service, as we discussed offline?

Author: yes actually. Going to close out this PR and let #2654 take care of the demo updates.
